Update Settings UI and networks UI (#432)
zeriontech/zerion-wallet-extension: src/ui/pages/Networks/README.md

### Chain, chainId and external_id

- HEX chain id is stored in `specification` object inside NetworkConfig

> - for chain configs coming from dApps, `id` is get from backend for the chain with the same `chainId` or directly from `chainId`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- for chain configs coming from dApps, `id` is queried from backend for the chain with the same `chainId` or derived directly from `chainId`
```

> - for manually added networks, `id` is currently created equal to `chainId` and will be updated if `chainId` is updated.

Reviewer: Uhm, I'm not sure I see this? I think we always derive `id` from `chainId` using `toCustomNetworkId` function. Are there exceptions?

Author: You are correct. There is a mistake in readme.

### Creating/modifying a chain

- When we modify existing "mainnet" item `A`, an `EthereumChainConfig` is created, which has the same `id` as `A`

> - [x] When a new `AddEthereumChainParameter` comes from dapp, an `EthereumChainConfig` is (should be) created with an `id` got from backend if we have information about the chain with the same `chainId` or generated from `chainId`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [x] When a new `AddEthereumChainParameter` comes from dapp, an `EthereumChainConfig` is (should be) created with an `id` received from backend if we have information about the chain with the same `chainId` or generated from `chainId`.
```
